---
comments: "false"
date: "2006-10-21T00:00:00Z"
title: 70 Days
---
<p>Procrastination is king.</p>
<p>It's been over two months now since I've moved in to my house, which came complete with pool table.  The number of pool tournaments held?  Zip.  Zilch.</p>
<p>When I was first checking this place out, some of the big selling points were that it was close to work and had a pool table.  Bingo!  Entirely possible to stop by and shoot pool for close to an hour before having to go back.  Plus I could theoretically have a party on a weekend or something and enjoy the company of friends.  And alcohol.  Musn't forget the liquor.</p>
<p>Of course, being single, visions of office cuties stopping down to play immediately was the next image that popped into my mind.  Double-edge sword though, because when it comes to playing pool I'm marginal at best.  No chance to woo the woman of my dreams by impressing her with my pool skills.  But, similar to the Detroit Tigers, I like to wait until the last possible second to swoop in and make my move.</p>
<p>Regardless, before I moved in I bought some cool movie memorabilia to put up in the basement.  Picked up a dartboard.  Held on to my old couch so we'd have somewhere to sit.  Got a line on a pool table light.  Plenty of preparation.  Until I moved in.</p>
<p>Don't get me wrong, pool has been played.  Alcoholic beverages have been consumed.  Women have even been up on the table (for the long shots.  dammit).  But alas, very little work has been completed in the basement.</p>
