---
layout: post
title: "Send 2005 to Hell"
date: 2005-12-31 -0600
comments: false
---

> This article was originally posted at this domain name on an old blogging system.  I am consolidating all of my ramblings and drabble here.

So, does anybody care that it's the end of 2005?

I know I sure as hell don't.  This year just plain sucked.  So many events kicked me in the a$$ that I don't even want to think about it.  I can hardly wait until I can close the door on this piece of shit year and move on with my life.

The first half of 2005 definitely sucked because I was working too much, and when I finally got through that, I had the rug pulled out from under me when my ex-fiancée moved out without warning.  Then I had to spend a lot of time without the kids until we finally reached an agreement that allowed me to see them most of the time (over 80% actually).  That was the one good thing that happened; without access to my kids, I don't know where I would be right now.  Love you, boys!

I have a lot of great hopes for 2006.  I think it will be the year that I can finish putting my life back together and get moving forward again.  I look forward to spending a lot of quality time with the boys.  Perhaps I can get some bills paid down.  Maybe I'll meet a woman who can actually treat me decently and respect me for who and what I am. Hey, with any luck I can buy a house so that the kids will have a place to call home.

As for people who disliked some of the decisions I've made or how I handled some of the situations I was in... well, too bad.  And to people who put themselves first without any thought for others, shame on you.

Most of all, to my boys:  I love you no matter what.  I'll always be here for you regardless of what happens.  Every minute you're away from me hurts.  I'm sorry your Mom made the decisions that she did, but that's her choice.  All we can do is try our best to enjoy life as much as we can.  I can hardly wait to see how the next year turns out for you, because you've both come so far so fast.