---
layout: post
title: Spoonman
comments: 'false'
---
<p><strike>The first time I got pulled over was just over 10 years ago.  The first time I got pulled over for speeding was just over ten years ago.</strike>  The first time I got a ticket was just over 10 years ago.</p>
<p>I was on 54, on the way back from work in Waupaca.  It was just before prom, and I had just found out that the woman I had been intending to take to prom was planning on meeting some other guy there.  I got a little pissed and that was the end of that.</p>
<p>So here it was, almost prom time, and I was without a date.  I was pissed and was taking it out on the car in the form of speeding.  Then I saw the State Trooper.  Whoops.  There went $150.</p>
<p>I remember that the Soundgarden song Spoonman was on the radio.  This sticks out in my head because it was on the radio the first time I got pulled over, the day of my 16th birthday.  We had it turned up so loud we could barely hear the siren.  It is still one of my favorite songs.</p>
<p>I'm posting about it because I heard it on my way to pick the boys up from the ex's house; they were there for the weekend.  I heard it and started thinking back to when life was a little bit simpler.  Which just happens to coincide with being before I got involved with the ex.  Hmm.  Imagine that.</p>
<p>Perhaps I'll share the story of when I first got pulled over soon; its much better than this drivel.  Seriously, who lets me type?  Take the keyboard away!  It's for your own safety!</p>
